---
layout: post
title:  "On Blogging"
date:   2015-10-08 21:37:36
categories: band
link_text: Damn That's Crazy
---
Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. To be successful you’ve got to work hard, to make history, simple, you’ve got to make it. Congratulations, you played yourself. Another one. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Special cloth alert. Give thanks to the most high. Mogul talk. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Give thanks to the most high. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion!

Don’t ever play yourself. Stay focused. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. Wraith talk. Give thanks to the most high. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. Stay focused. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch.

To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Don’t ever play yourself. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail.
